Update intro.md (#20880)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/data/ef-rp/intro.md

  * In the **Model class** drop-down, select **Student (ContosoUniversity.Models)**.
  * In the **Data context class** row, select the **+** (plus) sign.
    * Change the data context name to end in `SchoolContext` rather than `ContosoUniversityContext`. The updated context name: `ContosoUniversity.Data.SchoolContext`

>     * Select **Add** to finish adding the Data context class.
>    * Select **Add** to finish the 'Add Razor Pages' dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Select **Add** to finish adding the data context class.
   * Select **Add** to finish the **Add Razor Pages** dialog.
```
